Create STATUS.md, give insight in feature stability (#557)
atomicdata-dev/atomic-data-rust: server/STATUS.md

# Atomic-Server status & Feature stability

> If you're contemplating to use Atomic-Server in a prodcution environment, you'll want to know to what extend you could rely on this project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're contemplating to use Atomic-Server in a production environment, you'll want to know to what extent you could rely on this project. 
```
